I would like to ask for your continued support for these projects.
On the one hand, we have established the First Front.
On the other hand, if we succeed in the difficult task of the economic front,
we will be able to achieve the goal of the First Front.
I believe that we will be able to achieve the goal of the First Front.
The only way forward is to continue to work hard.
The people are loved and respected.
We are not like the other countries.
We are just going forward.
We are ready to fight for the long term.
However, the situation is not just a long-term problem.
We must solve the problem and improve the relationship between Japan and Japan.
We are going to build the First Front.
If we do, we will be able to build it for a long time.
The meaning of the current situation is that the peace building in the East is a peace-building.
We have to think about the problems of the East and West.
If we can solve the problems of the East and West,
we will be able to build the First Front.
I have a question.
What is the reason for the resignation of the First Front?
I have heard that the First Front will be re-established in the future.
I have been a fan of the First Front since last year.
I am sorry for the people who have left.